{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2706
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Conant argues that Frege's view of logic does not accommodate the philosophical inquiries of Kant and Wittgenstein, as it fails to recognize thought as an exercise of additional capacity beyond reasoning. Bennett claims that Descartes' teaching on God's will is expressed only in his letters and replies, and he defends this doctrine by arguing that God has created all things according to certain pre-determined rules which cannot be altered.\
\
\
Conant argues that the major philosophical positions in Kant's triangle of theology are realism, logicism, and psychosm. Anderson believes that truth properties can't be changed by individual action and prevents relativism from being accepted. Bennett defends Descartes' teaching on eternal truths as an internal concept of a god's free will; this has been further developed by other philosophers such as Moore, Frege, Boyle etc. All three thinkers contribute to Wittgenstein's view on the relationship between signs and symbols.\
\
Conant, Bennett and Anderson all argue that the traditional logical approaches such as realism, logicism, and psychosm are incomplete by itself in explaining our points of view. They each independently propose alternative theories including Descartes' conversations with God about eternal truths; Boyle's argument for Frege's theory of structure; Kant's distinction between sensibility and understanding; Hamletki\'92s notion of consciousness; and quantum theories applied to time. Moreover, they all agree that truth must be relative to different placetime events if we want to understand it fully.\
\
\
Bennett argues that eternal truth, as established by Descartes in Letters and Replies, cannot be denied. Anderson contends that the truth property of any given situation is not dependent on an individual's actions, while Frege focuses on people's capacity for judgment through use of logical principles to understand their external environment.\
\
In this paper, Anderson argues that the truth property of the actual world is not dependent on an individual's actions. If God were to intervene and ensure someone acts upon their beliefs, then it would be impossible for them to argue that two people can have different truth properties in the same situation. Frege focuses on the concept of judgment and suggests that we judge our circumstances in relation to other people's judgments rather than by finding universal laws or rules which hold true at all times. Lastly, Conant defends his idea that logical necessity comes from basic laws rather than by self-evidence or intuition and Sullivan states that Conant's account is insightful.\
\
\
The author discusses the differences between conventional and quantum theories of mechanics, as well as other possible approaches such as nonlocality, relative-state, and special realism. He examines the concept of logical judgments and considers if the truth is held relative to spacetime or not. Additionally he looks at Cartesian experience which states that perception precedes understanding and uses Kantian skepticism to test this hypothesis.\
\
Frege explores judgment in terms of logic and psychology. He believes that by understanding how we judge, we can apply general principles to our reasoning. Conant defends the idea that laws cannot be self-evident or understood through intuition, while Stroud argues that perception is prior to understanding. Hamawaki suggests that skeptical doubts may be used to test whether one truly understands an experience. Meanwhile, Schiller sees power as being split between two sides: one side pursues their own selfish goals, while the other strives for real friendship and engages in symbolic casting for exercise of power.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}